Fix search filter for large snippets (#2891)
shopware/platform: changelog/_unreleased/2022-12-20-fix-snippet-search-for-long-snippets.md

---
title: Fix Snippet search for long snippets
issue: [#2886](https://github.com/shopware/platform/issues/2886)

> flag: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

author: Altay Akkus
author_email: altayakkus1993@gmail.com
author_github: @AltayAkkus
---
# Core

> * Deprecated use of `fn_match` in `src/Core/System/Snippet/Filter/TermFilter.php`. Changed to `mb_stripos`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Changed method `\Shopware\Core\System\Snippet\Filter\TermFilter::filter` to use`mb_stripos` instead of `fnmatch`.
```

> * Fixed a bug that prevented searching snippets when one snippet had content longer than 4096 characters.

Reviewer: the fixed changelog and the added unit test can be removed from the changelog
